doc(java): Global tags/extra with logback appender encoder (#1379)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/clients/java/integrations.md

        <filter class="ch.qos.logback.classic.filter.ThresholdFilter">
            <level>WARN</level>
        </filter>

>         <encoder>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <!-- Optionally add an encoder -->
        <encoder>
```

}
```

#### Global Tags

> Sometimes its useful to add tags and extra data to all log events.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it's useful to add tags and extra data to all log events.  
```

Tags and extras can be added to logs globally (not threadbound) by adding entries to the LoggerContext.  
Tags are distinguished by the existing mdcTags configuration property detailed above.

```java
  LoggerContext context = (LoggerContext)LoggerFactory.getILoggerFactory();
  context.putProperty("global", "value");
```

Global log entries can also be added via third party encoders  
(*whether such entries can be distinguished as tags or entries however is encoder implementation specific*).

> The net.logstash.logback.encoder.LoggingEventCompositeJsonEncoder for example has a customFields option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `net.logstash.logback.encoder.LoggingEventCompositeJsonEncoder` for example has a `customFields` option:
```

}
```

#### Global Tags

Sometimes it's useful to add tags and extra data to all log events.  

> Tags and extras can be added to logs globally (not threadbound) by adding entries to the LoggerContext.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add tags and extras to logs globally (not thread-bound) by adding entries to the LoggerContext.  
```

Tags are distinguished by the existing mdcTags configuration property detailed above.

```java
  LoggerContext context = (LoggerContext)LoggerFactory.getILoggerFactory();
  context.putProperty("global", "value");
```

Global log entries can also be added via third-party encoders  

> (*whether such entries can be distinguished as tags or entries however is encoder implementation specific*).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(*whether such entries can be distinguished as tags or entries, however, is encoder implementation-specific*).
```
